Add OG example. (#421)
vercel/examples: edge-functions/vercel-og-nextjs/README.md

# Vercel OG + Next.js

> This example shows how to use [Vercel OG](https://github.com/vercel/og) with Next.js.

Author: ```suggestion
This example shows how to use [Vercel OG](https://vercel.com/docs/concepts/functions/edge-functions/og-image-generation) with Next.js.
```
